Docker scripts provided by YummyLife:
These are not required, but they do make it easy to build in a reliable environment.
WSL, and other methods do still work, docker scripts are an optional tool.

Note: You do need to have docker already installed on your system for this to run.
Note2: You only need to run the setup script once to download SDL
Note3: Scripts in this folder expect to be run from a subdirectory of YummyLife
       (in this case 'yummyLifeBuildScripts/<you-are-here>')
Note4: Docker builds Linux and Windows. macOS cannot be cross-compiled, see the
       macOS section further down.

How to use:
1. Run setup script (This may take some minutes): "docker-compose run --rm setup"
2. Run build script:    -    -    -    -    -     "docker-compose run --rm build"
3. Done: The built executables for Linux and Windows will be in '../devbuild/'

Building something specific:
Anything you add after 'build' is passed straight to the build script, so:
- "docker-compose run --rm build linux"           only Linux
- "docker-compose run --rm build windows"         only Windows
- "docker-compose run --rm build release"         a release build, into '../relbuild/'
- "docker-compose run --rm build release linux"   both at once
Modes are 'dev' (the default) and 'release'; targets are 'linux' and 'windows'.
('macos' and 'editor' exist too, but only work when run natively on a Mac.)

Building as yourself (Linux hosts):
By default the container runs as root, so anything it writes into '../devbuild/'
is owned by root and needs sudo to delete. To build as your own user instead:
- DOCKER_USER="$(id -u):$(id -g)" docker-compose run --rm build
On Docker Desktop for Windows/macOS this doesn't come up, the default is fine.

Building for macOS:
macOS builds can only be made on an actual Mac, no container or WSL can do it,
so there is no docker-compose pattern for it. On a Mac, skip docker entirely:
1. Install Homebrew if you don't have it: https://brew.sh
2. Run the setup script natively from this folder:  "./setup-libs.sh"
   (this installs cmake, sdl12-compat and openssl@3 through brew and downloads
    the header-only libraries, it skips the Windows-only prebuilts)
3. Run the build script from the YummyLife folder:  "cd .. && ./build.sh"
4. Done: The built app will be at '../devbuild/YummyLife_dev_mac.app'

Unlike Windows and Linux, the mac build is an .app bundle rather than a single
executable. It carries its own copy of SDL and OpenSSL inside it, so it runs on
a Mac that has no Homebrew installed. Drop it into the OHOL/AHAP game folder and
double-click it, it works out its own working directory from where it sits.
Use '../build.sh release' instead for a release build, that one also zips the app
into 'relbuild/YummyLife_mac.zip' (a .app is a folder, so it has to be zipped to
be uploaded as a release asset).

What are these commands I'm running?:
'docker-compose run' Let's us specify a build pattern to use (defined in 'docker-compose.yml').
adding '--rm' tells docker to remove the container onces it finishes (to reduce clutter and space).
next comes the pattern to use: 'setup', 'build' or 'shell', then any build arguments.
'setup': Downloads and extracts extra libraries (SDL and libcurl) needed to build
'build': Goes through the actual build process.
'shell': Puts you in an interactive shell inside the docker container

Failed build? - 4 steps to success!:
#1 Make sure Docker (or WSL2 Backend) has enough ram, set it to 8-10GB limit if possible
#2 If you are building for windows, sometimes it will fail the first time, try again
#2 Google the issue, docker is a widely used tool, someone might have the answer for you
#3 Make sure you are in the correct folder, you need to be in 'yummyLifeBuildScripts'
#3 On Windows, if a script dies with a strange '\r' or 'bad interpreter' error,
   your clone still has CRLF line endings from before .gitattributes handled
   .sh files. Refresh the working copy: "git rm --cached -r . && git reset --hard"
#3 Ping OliverZ in OHOL discord server (he is an idiot) with your problem
#4 Give up and use old hard methods
